= drupal.rb

http://berkes.github.com/drupal.rb/

== DESCRIPTION:

Drupal is an open source Ruby development tool allowing developers 
to quickly generate and manage Drupal modules.

== SYNOPSIS:

	drupal [options] [arguments]

== REQUIREMENTS:

	none

== ARGUMENTS:

	create module <module_name>   		Generates a module skeleton from an interactive wizard.
	todo list [total]    				  		Displays list of todo items or a total.
	install <core | project> [dir] [5.x|6.x|7.x]
                                       Install a Drupal project or core itself to [dir] (defaults to curent dir) for version (defaults to 6.x)

== OPTIONS:

 	-h, --help       Display this help information.
 	-V, --version    Display version of the Drupal development tool.

== EXAMPLES:

  Create a new module in the current directory.
    drupal create module my_module

  Create a new module in a specific directory.
     drupal create module my_module ./sites/all/modules

  View todo list for current directory.
     drupal todo list

  View todo list for multiple files or directories.
     drupal todo list ./sites/all/modules/mymodule 

  View total todo items only.
     drupal todo list total ./sites/all/modules

  Install drupal core to the current directory.
     drupal install core

  Install a 5.x module when in the 'modules directory
     drupal install devel . 5.x

  Install a module to the modules folder in my new installation (from drupal root)
     drupal install devel ./sites/all/modules
    
  Install a module when in the 'modules directory
     drupal install devel

== LOCAL TEMPLATES

  Create .drupal.rb/templates/ directories in your home-directory and put your
  own templates there. Drupal.rb will pick these, instead of the global ones.

  e.g. $ mkdir ~/.drupal.rb/
       $ cp -r /path/to/gems/berkes-drupal.rb-0.0.7/var/lib/drupal/templates/ \
         ~/.drupal.rb/templates/
         
== DEFAULTS
  Create a file in ~/.drupal.rb/ named defaults.yml. The variables in there will
  be used as defaults on the prompt when creating a module.
  Alternatively you can copy the example from the doc dir in the package. 

== AUTHOR:

Original:
  TJ Holowaychuk 
  tj@vision-media.ca
  http://vision-media.ca

Curren:
  Bèr Kessels
  ber@webschuur.com 
  http://webschuur.com

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Bèr Kessels. See LICENSE for details.
